[Chapter 1]

What is scope?
  set of rules for storing variables in some locations and for finding those variables at a later time

Is JS a compiled or interpreted language?
  A compiled language.

What are the three steps of compilation?
  Tokenizing/Lexing
  Parsing
  Code-Generation

What is tokenizing?
  breaking up a string of characters into meaningful chunks

What is Parsing?
   taking a stream (array) of tokens and turning it into a tree of nested elements, which represents the grammatical structure of the program

What is Code-Generation?
  process of taking an AST(Abstract Syntax Tree) and turning it into executable code

What is a RHS look-up?
  find the value of the variables

What is a LHS look-up?
  find the variable container

If a variable cannot be found in the immediate scope, what does Engine do?
  Checks the next outer scope

What does ReferenceError imply?
  RHS look-up failed to find a varaible, anywhere in the nested scropes

What does TypeError imply?
  Scope resolution was successful(finds the variable) but there was an illegal/impossible actions attempted

[Chapter 2]

What are the two predominant models for how scope works?
  Lexical Scope
  Dynamic scope

What is lexical scope?
  Based on where variables and blocks of scopes are authored, by you, at write time, and this is set in stone(mostly) by the time the lexer processess your code
  Scope that is defined at a lexing time

When does scope look-up stop?
  Once it finds the first match

What is "shadowing"?
  The same identifier name can be specified at multiple layers of nested scope

[Chapter 3]

How do you distinguish between a function declaration and a function expression?
  If "function" is the very first thing in the statement, then its a function declaration. Otherwise, it's a function expression.

What does 'let' do?
  The 'let' keyword attaches the variable declaration to the scope of whatever it's contained in. It implicitly hijacks any block's scope for its variable declaration.

Are 'let' declarations hoisted?
  No. It will not exist in the block until after the declaration statement.

[Chapter 4]

Which are hoisted first, function declarations or variable declarations?
  The function declaration comes before the variable declaration. JS compiles the code as it's executed.
What happens to duplicate var declarations?

What happens to duplicate function declarations?
  function declarations do override previous ones. It's a really bad idea and would lead to confusing results.

[Chapter 5]

Closure is...
  all around you in JS, you just have to recognize and embrace it. Closures happen as a result of writing code that relies on lexical scope. You do not have to intentionally create closures. They are created and used all over your code.

Modules require two key characteristics:
  1) an outer wrapping function being invoked, to create the enclosing scope
  2) the return value of the wrapping function must include reference to at least one inner function that then has closure over the private inner scope of the wrapper.
